Update quickstart in readme (#289)
tarantool/cartridge-java: README.md

## Quickstart

Example of single instance Tarantool application and java app connected using cartridge-java.

> The easiest way to start experimenting with cartridge-java and single instance tarantool app is to run
> [SingleInstanceExampleTest](/src/test/java/io/tarantool/driver/integration/SingleInstanceExampleTest.java)
> in debug mode and set breakpoint.  

Reviewer: In my opinion this looks better

```suggestion
The easiest way to start experimenting with cartridge-java and single instance tarantool app is to use
[single instance test](/src/test/java/io/tarantool/driver/integration/SingleInstanceExampleTest.java). You can set breakpoints and run it in debug mode.
```

Author: Tank you for suggestion

Testcontainers will start [single-instance tarantool application](src/test/resources/single-instance.lua) for you.
So you will be able to manipulate data in Tarantool in real life through java expressions or Tarantool console.

If you want to start tarantool application manually all you need is to run this file in tarantool
``` bash
tarantool src/test/resources/single-instance.lua
```

Example of TarantoolClient set up
https://github.com/tarantool/cartridge-java/blob/eb9aa772018690efa9b282fb000d8f8340bb06bb/src/test/java/io/tarantool/driver/integration/SingleInstanceExampleTest.java#L49-L58

Example of client API usage

> https://github.com/tarantool/cartridge-java/blob/eb9aa772018690efa9b282fb000d8f8340bb06bb/src/test/java/io/tarantool/driver/integration/SingleInstanceExampleTest.java#L62-L74

Reviewer: You can add link based on branch name instead of commit hash, like this
```
https://github.com/tarantool/cartridge-java/blob/new-readme/src/test/java/io/tarantool/driver/integration/SingleInstanceExampleTest.java#L61-L78
```

Author: I'll update peramalinks before merge

Reviewer: It's about now, we see old hash commit changes where we can see try-catch-resources, but you've deleted catch part

## Quickstart

Example of single instance Tarantool application and java app connected using cartridge-java.

The easiest way to start experimenting with cartridge-java and single instance tarantool app is to run
[SingleInstanceExampleTest](/src/test/java/io/tarantool/driver/integration/SingleInstanceExampleTest.java)
in debug mode and set breakpoint.  
Testcontainers will start [single-instance tarantool application](src/test/resources/single-instance.lua) for you.
So you will be able to manipulate data in Tarantool in real life through java expressions or Tarantool console.

> Warning: `TarantoolClientFactory.createClient()` does not work properly in IDEA "Evaluate Expression" window.

Reviewer: I think it's reduntant

Author: Just trying to save our users time

Reviewer: Maybe it'll work with their software

## Quickstart

> Single instance Tarantool application from cartridge-java.

Reviewer 2: Don't mix words and concepts. `Single instance Tarantool application` is application written in lua, with or without some clustering tools and so on. Cartridge-Java - client library. And this sentence is very hard to understand - application from client library.

Please, rewrite it in more clean way.

Or remove this sentence.

### The easiest way to start experimenting with cartridge-java and single instance tarantool cluster.

1. Open this repository in your IDE.

> 2. At [SingleInstanceExampleTest](https://github.com/tarantool/cartridge-java/blob/master/src/test/java/io/tarantool/driver/integration/SingleInstanceExampleTest.java).

Author: To make it easier to look, I will add links to this repository
https://github.com/tarantool/cartridge-java/blob/new-readme/src/test/java/io/tarantool/driver/integration/SingleInstanceExampleTest.java

Reviewer: You can add branch links now and before merge replace them

> 2. At [SingleInstanceExampleTest](https://github.com/tarantool/cartridge-java/blob/new-readme/src/test/java/io/tarantool/driver/integration/SingleInstanceExampleTest.java).

Reviewer 2: Very strange introduction. At what?

> 3. Set breakpoint at line 85.

Reviewer: I don't think we need words about breakpoints. For mature developer it'll be obviously. May be we'll simplify it to "Just run the test and do expirement with it". And below we can describe what's happening in that test -  testcontainer with tarantool and migrations things

Author: I thing that we should discuss it with other reviewers. And I agree that the current description looks redundant.

Reviewer 2: It's better to not to mention about breakpoints especially with line numbers because they can be changed, even adding one line will break consistency between code and documentation, and it will be a quite awkward.

4. Start this test in debug mode. Tarantool cluster will start in docker test container, so it will take a while.

> 5. Open "Evaluate Expression" window in your IDE. In IDEA you can do it by pressing `alt` `F8`.

Reviewer 2: It depends on configration of IDEA. Better: In typical IDEA setup

6. Run in this window any code you want.

Warning: `TarantoolClientFactory.createClient()` does not work properly in IDEA "Evaluate Expression" window.

Example of Tarantool application can be found in [single-instance-example](https://github.com/tarantool/cartridge-java/tree/new-readme/src/test/resources/single-instance-example)
directory.  
`instances.yml` and `topology.lua` files are needed for testcontainers to set up cluster.

> If you want to start cluster from terminal run this commands: install all needed dependencies 

Reviewer 2: I thinks, it needs some restructuring: `If you want to start cluster from terminal run these commands:` and then on next lines show bash code.

``` bash
cartridge build
# install all needed dependencies
cartridge start -d
# start Tarantool application
cartridge replicasets setup --bootstrap-vshard
# setup roles and bootstrap clusters
curl -X POST http://localhost:8081/migrations/up
# apply migrations
```

Example of TarantoolClient set up

> https://github.com/tarantool/cartridge-java/blob/master/src/test/java/io/tarantool/driver/integration/SingleInstanceExampleTest.java#L59-L67

Author: https://github.com/tarantool/cartridge-java/blob/new-readme/src/test/java/io/tarantool/driver/integration/SingleInstanceExampleTest.java#L59-L68

Example of client API usage

> https://github.com/tarantool/cartridge-java/blob/master/src/test/java/io/tarantool/driver/integration/SingleInstanceExampleTest.java#L71-L87

Author: https://github.com/tarantool/cartridge-java/blob/new-readme/src/test/java/io/tarantool/driver/integration/SingleInstanceExampleTest.java#L71-L87

> https://github.com/tarantool/cartridge-java/blob/61e300c70a44157f7ddccb7b8692f02eced99a04/src/test/java/io/tarantool/driver/integration/SingleInstanceExampleTest.java#L72-L88

Author: Github permalink works quite strange. They get code from of a particular commit. And sometimes not transformed into a block of code. Maybe we should use something like [this](https://github.com/marketplace/actions/markdown-embed-code-from-file)?

You can read more about Cartridge applications in its [documentation](https://www.tarantool.io/ru/doc/latest/how-to/getting_started_cartridge/).
Also look at available Cartridge application [examples](https://github.com/tarantool/examples).

> All java code located at [SingleInstanceExampleTest](https://github.com/tarantool/cartridge-java/blob/master/src/test/java/io/tarantool/driver/integration/SingleInstanceExampleTest.java)

Author: https://github.com/tarantool/cartridge-java/blob/new-readme/src/test/java/io/tarantool/driver/integration/SingleInstanceExampleTest.java

Contributions to this project are always welcome and highly encouraged.
[See conventions for tests](docs/test-convention.md)

> TODO change new-readme branch to master

Reviewer: I don't get it

Author: I mean in peramalinks I'v added before merge I should change new-readme branch to master

Reviewer: Oh, I see
